Update docs for CronJob GA (#27083)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/job/automated-tasks-with-cron-jobs.md

---
title: Running Automated Tasks with a CronJob

> min-kubernetes-server-version: v1.21

Reviewer: Not sure if we need to change this ...

Reviewer 2: Previous versions of Kubernetes don't support the GA CronJob API. We could add some text to signpost people using older Kubernetes to read docs for the version they're running.

Reviewer: This page is only about CronJob in batch/v1? All old versions are removed?

Reviewer 2: The example manifest is a `batch/v1`. We _can_ mention that there is an older beta API, and that's does feel like a good idea.
My approach to that would be to tell people that if they're using the older API, to check the documentation for an older Kubernetes release (eg v1.20).

Author: Added info at the top.

<!-- overview -->

> CronJobs was promoted to `batch/v1` in v1.21, for previous versions of kubernetes, please refer to appropriate documentation sets on the website.

Reviewer 3: nit: Not sure about the statement to view prior docs? The last 4 versions are available on the site.
CronJob is promoted to `batch/v1` in Kubernetes v1.21.

Reviewer 2: As these changes will merge into the primary branch after the v1.21 release, I think the statement is correct.

How about:
```suggestion
CronJobs was promoted to general availability in Kubernetes v1.21. If you are using an older version of
Kubernetes, please refer to the documentation for the version of Kubernetes that you are using,
so that you see accurate information. Older Kubernetes versions do not support the `batch/v1` CronJob
API.
```
?

Author: sgtm, updated.

Jobs that do not meet their deadline in this way count as failed jobs.
If this field is not specified, the jobs have no deadline.

> For example, one cron job is supposed to run every minute, the `status.lastScheduleTime` of the cronjob is 5:00am, but now it's 7:00am. That means 120 schedules were missed, so the cron job is no longer scheduled.

Reviewer: better be consistent about "cron job" or "CronJob". "cronjob" is not a valid word I think.

Author: Fixed.

> For example, one cron job is supposed to run every minute, the `status.lastScheduleTime` of the cronjob is 5:00am, but now it's 7:00am. That means 120 schedules were missed, so the cron job is no longer scheduled.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For example, one cron job is supposed to run every minute, the `status.lastScheduleTime` of the cron job is 5:00am, but now it's 7:00am. That means 120 schedules were missed, so the cron job is no longer scheduled.
```

Author: Updated.

Jobs that do not meet their deadline in this way count as failed jobs.
If this field is not specified, the jobs have no deadline.

> The CronJob controller counts how many missed schedules happen for a cron job. If there are more than 100 missed schedules, the cron job is no longer scheduled. When `.spec.startingDeadlineSeconds` is not set, the CronJob controller counts missed schedules from `status.lastScheduleTime` until now.

Reviewer 5: I think this is a change in the behavior for in the new controller. The default controller now raises a warning of how many schedules were missed but still schedules this. I wonder if we should change update this text accordingly?

Author: Good point, I just dropped it, it doesn't make sense to inform about warnings, and the older controller is deprecated. I don't want to also confuse users when I'll be talking about two controllers, either.

Jobs that do not meet their deadline in this way count as failed jobs.
If this field is not specified, the jobs have no deadline.

If the `.spec.startingDeadlineSeconds` field is set (not null), the CronJob

> controller measures the time between when a job was supposed to be created and

Reviewer 3: nit: Does the check evaluate past job creation?
... the CronJob controller measures the time between when a job is expected to be created and now.

Author: yeah, it does look at past, updated.
